jo people what's up here is your cani
and today there is a small day and
although by patrick petrol as play the
first the little story so
patrick im wrote in this tag
I will know what a day is
So ask and they will be like that
individually answered and this day
has made patrick display over the
italian of broken temps tvk manuel
and has just broken tams tvb tag with it
so that they halt the question whether
answer prompt harms has the video
made and met and knows me
packed there you are why me
do the whole thing
Unfortunately , it was all too stupid to me
ask to write and I had to
so watch his video and always
Mentioned disabled write
but yes, so many have to so you know
are a little whores than have neither
Patrick questions in the description
have not yet ripe chunks teams the
with me below you can ask now
read and maybe even
answer in the comments what also
always bock and bella
italia means that day of gameplay
Incidentally, I believe force he set
for ages old the play mode when I
I still leave it as a coo of kia
've made a few crass watkins so
if you look in the middle at the beginning
not so good and young so me
come to poll those are only five
Therefore, the relative questions
must be answered quickly patrick
Did not eat so much there
taken a lot of time
i know i definitely have and
that's fun because bella
learning italia daily in school
Italian you chose that and then
is I'm here knows video watched
simply dibaba italian pronunciation
namely with your question
what's your favorite pizza he has
quattro replied by magic berlin
No, that sounds like it's preventing you now
i have in school but i have
my favorite places is really accurate
that of ewald i love this one
quattro by matschie pizza by dr
dr i think that means the oven fresh
otherwise I am in from time to time
There is a pizza shop there
is called nolle pizza and there they are
hottest pizza in the world age there
Everything tastes so second
question I find a bit funny
pizza rolls with or without dip of the facc
I just have to live here
at google pizza rolls dip enter
aha I think that's just one
little
since I've never heard of that
my peter breaks with dip is without dip
tonight maxi instead of the same time
ask what he means by that the next one
question do you like men with spades
So it's pretty hot so so
I must honestly admit men with
mustaches only nice if the money
not anymore
So men rate why per kicks
why do you ask that question I stand
a little bit on this adolf bartz
sometimes I do not know any
Idea somehow as well as disabled question
I do not like human beings only conditionally
but I love her yes I see here
also quickly find so great wear
I also at any time of day or night
my own and from the ju next
ask favorite place in italy
it may one ask now starting from
the favorite italian video my
favorite place in italy what you are looking for
most beautiful I think was not so much longer
really in italy but always
in south tyrol this is also true
Italy but David the German
spoken
In Iran, it is definitely beautiful
and otherwise so, otherwise
really in italy where it is so im
summer has 45 degrees or so because of me
not for a long time
So first I would say more
that my favorite place was there then yes
one more question what is yours
favorite motto in Italian yes my
favorite motto fodder di madre whaling
Uruguay deserves
that means about as much as I try
but only now i have problem
son of a bitch lick me in the ass
So continue to write the control
that is one day have answered and yes
Wintry I do not know yet
really happening actually not even
not really considering each day
my brother falls because he finds italy
also cool it kate worries you can
stop by and otherwise yes
who was pushed from me anyway times
be of such as is also just
his beginning with ge
I believe in gray rock or something
grand valley could know its name
to write a theme in comments
I really have no thoughts now
Do not make them hang so that's why
I first sg pulled my brother and yes
I'm looking forward to the videos apple yet
Thanks for throwing me threw me
I always lost it too
made a few more text and mine
friends so dark outside we
All 17 31 balla have the same video
high shortly after six could come and
so that you are well off the skin of the new market